Thanks for coming back. Now, you might be asking yourself,
why are we talking about security again?
I mean, we've already talked about TLS and its use in HTTPS.
HTTPS covers many angles of attack for things
like eavesdropping on your traffic or just impersonating the web server as a whole.
However, the most secure front door in the world will not
be worth anything if there's a letter to the first floor window.
The letter, being your web app.
HTTP contains some very subtle security risk.
On top of that, the history and backwards compatibility of the HTTP protocol
carries a lot of baggage from a time where
security wasn't as big of a topic as it is now.
In this lesson, we are going to learn how certain design choices
could have allowed an attacker to steal sensitive data and how you,
as a web developer, can protect a web app against such attacks.